
**********************************************************
I know that "C-u 80 C-x f" sets the fill width 80, and M-q
adjusts it. How to make it default? I mean, how to make
width 80 deafault for fill width?
**********************************************************


Simulator of the Spatial Location of the Knee Axis of
Rotation During Flexion

only 4 pages...

TO EDITOR:

A knee simulator (mechanical construction) is introduced,
which allows not only bending in the direction of walking
but also in the perpendicular directions of walking
directions (genu varum "bowleg" and genu valgum "knock knies").



What is currently available in the market? What is the state
of the art.  For what is this work (it's not really a
research) good for?  Is the model really valid?

As the paper has only 4 papers, it would have been no
problem to extend the paper to have a more clear, complete
and scientific description of the considered system. Maybe
the motivation for the paper was not that great...

The paper is well structured, but unfortunately the
scientific claim and depth is missing.


TO AUTHOR:

Figure 1: corresponds to which citation [11], [12] or [13] ?

Figure 3: you should name the rubber washers in one of the
pictures a)-c)

III.C: the movement of the mechanism should be illustrated
with another picture where all importand parts are seen.

III.D: Figure 4: Which rod and which joint corresponds to
that one in Fig. 2 and or 4 ?

The description of Fig. 4 is not so clear, as well as the
labeling of the drawing in Fig. 4.  Which plane do we see in
Fig. 4.

For what do we need the equations (1)-(6). How are these
(10/9 pi) and (11/18 pi) derived?

What is the result of the analysis? For what do we need this
analysis?

III.E: A simple bill of material as a table would be more
clear, than listing the parts in a text field.


