************************************************************
I know that "C-u 80 C-x f" sets the fill width 80, and M-q
adjusts it. How to make it default? I mean, how to make
width 80 deafault for fill width?

In your .emacs place (setq-default fill-column 80) Or you
can just use M-x customize-variable on fill-column, and it
will set it and save it for you using the standard customize
interface

fill-column is a buffer-local variable, which is why you
need setq-default, not just setq.

taken from:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3566727/how-to-set-the-default-width-of-fill-mode-to-80-with-emacs
**********************************************************



Integration of Symptom Notions on Failure Causes for
Diagnostic Process Enhancement

#_196

Authors:
Mechri / Simon -- Tunesien/France

Content - Abstract:

The paper introduces a probabilistic approach to enhance the
diagnosis of failure causes using symptom-based analysis.  A
Bayesian Network (BN) model is employed to improve isolation
accuracy by continuously updating probabilities based on
input datasets.  The integration of expert knowledge and
experience feedback enhances failure isolation efficiency.
A case study demonstrates the method's effectiveness in
supporting maintenance decisions and improving system
availability.

The paper is clearly structured and well written.  The
approach using experience feedback (gained by a feedback
from an FMEA (failure modes and effects analysis) in
combination of an BN is new.

The methodology is clearly explained:

1) Construction of BN for Cause Isolation: Transform a
deterministic causal digraph from system experts into a BN.

2) Integration of Symptoms: Symptoms are defined as observed
effects of failures, with relationships to causes
represented in Conditional Probability Tables (CPT).

3) Estimation of Posterior Probabilities: Experience
feedback is used to refine probabilities based on observed
symptoms and identified causes.

4) Proposed Methodology for Failure Cause Isolation: The
 methodology involves configuring the initial BN,
 introducing symptom signatures, isolating causes, and
 updating probabilities based on identified causes.



Conclusion of the approach:

The proposed BN-based methodology effectively integrates
various knowledge types to support diagnostic processes.  It
enhances the accuracy of fault isolation and optimizes
maintenance decisions.  Future considerations include
addressing assumptions about cause occurrences and refining
the integration of potential causes.

The paper is acceptable, however some improvents has to be
made. This improvements are addressed to the authors in the
author's feedback section.



************************************************************


Some questions arises during reading of the paper:

Concerning Section II: *************************************

1) What are the requirements for the FMEA, to come up with
findings which can be successfully used for constructing the
BN model

2) The construction of the example for the BN is hard to
follow and needs a bit more explanation

3) In Table 1: what does the sign -| in front of C_121 mean?

Concerning Section III: ************************************

The application case is rather abstract, i.e. what kind of
application is this. It would be great if the application is
a bit more explained to furhter illustrate and convince the
reader for the applicability and performance of this approach.


************************************************************


Some remarks: Please use brackets while referencing
eqauations: i.e. see (1) or see eq. (1) or see equation (1).
Please use capital letters while referencint to tables or
figures, i.e. see Table 1, Figure 1, Algorithm 1, ...

Typos in Reference [6] and [19].
